Consort Zhong, I was previously misled and made many mistakes.
You don't blame me, do you?
I’ve never blamed the Empress Dowager.
In my eyes, you have always been someone who considers the greater good.
You’ve always been someone who understands the bigger picture.
Thanks to you and the Emperor this time.
Mother, how do you feel?
Mother, how are you feeling?
Mother feels dizzy in her head.
It’s nothing serious. Perhaps it's just because of your age.
Mother, are you poisoned?
Your Majesty, this old servant noticed your health declining.
I asked Consort De to investigate secretly.
As I suspected,
your condition was caused by Consort De’s prolonged poisoning.
How could this happen?
Consort De is such a monster!
Your Majesty, think carefully. Has your condition been worsening since Consort De entered the palace?
Consort De, how could she be like this?
Don’t be angry.
This might not be as simple as poisoning.
I’ve sent people to work on the antidote overnight.
I can only temporarily alleviate your symptoms.
We need to capture Consort De’s accomplices.
Only then will they reveal the antidote.
Otherwise,
I might die tragically at the hands of this wretch.
You are the Empress Dowager’s niece.
Doesn’t the Empress Dowager treat you well?
Why did you poison and frame the Empress Dowager?
She treated me well.
As a member of the Song family, she helped me become Empress.
She ensured that I would never be dismissed.
I wanted to show her my power.
To let her see how formidable I am.
How dare she!
Hand over the antidote!